So, if you're in the Navy and you find out that you don't like the job
that you're doing, the best thing I can say is, at least for a short
amount of time, you have to suck it up. I know some people who didn't
want to be Machinist's Mates but they were given an option of like
three or four jobs, they chose something else and then they were
given that Machinist's Mate job anyways. So, at the end of four years,
and you have to do your four years, they lived that life, they learned
those things, they did that training, they did that job and at
the end, then they left and did something else for the civilians. You
can't really change your job after you have decided to do it. So,
me, I've been an Electrician's Mate this whole entire time and there
are very very few opportunities that I could actually change. I could've
been an officer and then my lifestyle would have changed or I
could have chosen my command later on in my career. That would have
changed my lifestyle but it wouldn't have actually changed my job itself.
So, I guess one big suggestion is make sure that the job that
you're getting yourself involved in, is something that you think you
could really do and have fun with.